Create BYOC cluster GCP (#995)
redpanda-data/documentation: modules/manage/partials/rbac-dp.adoc

==== Roles

A role is a named collection of ACLs which may have users (security principals) assigned to it. You can assign any number of roles to a given user. When installing a new Redpanda cluster, no roles are provisioned by default. 

ifndef::env-cloud[]

> If you want to use RBAC, you need to create your first roles using your `superuser` account. You need to use your `superuser` account to create additional roles and assign appropriate ACLs as necessary. See xref:security/authentication.adoc#create_superusers[configure authentication] for more information on creating and managing superusers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use RBAC, you must create your first roles using your `superuser` account, which enables you to create additional roles and assign appropriate ACLs as necessary. See xref:security/authentication.adoc#create_superusers[configure authentication] for more information on creating and managing superusers.
```
